Question Numbers, Correct Option, Answer

1> a, Once we have the pooled feature map, this component transforms the information into
      a vector. It's the input we need to get on with Artificial Neural Networks.

2> b,  Little dependence on pre-processing, decreasing the needs of human effort 
       developing its functionalities.

3> a, True

4> c, 2 – 3 – 1 – 5 – 4

5> a, C=I-F+2P/S + 1

6> b

7> d, 13*13

8> d

 More than one correct Option:

9> a,b

10> a,b

Subjective Answer:

11>Answer:- A CNN architecture is formed by a stack of distinct layers that transform the
            input volume into an output volume through a differentiable function. A few 
            distinct types of layers are commonly used.

            CNN architecture is inspired by the organization and functionality of the 
            visual cortex and designed to mimic the connectivity pattern of neurons 
            within the human brain. The neurons within a CNN are split into a 3-D 
            structure, with each set of neurons analyzinga small region or feature of 
            the image.

12>Answer:- In deep learning, a convolutional neural network is a class of deep neural 
            networks, most commonly applied to analyzing visual imagery. They are also
            known as shift invariant or space invariant atrificial neural networks, 
            based on their shared-weights architecture and translation invariance 
            characteristics.

            role of convolution in image processing is a simple mathematical operation 
            which is fundamental to many common image processing operators. Convolution
            provides a way of 'multiplying together' two arrays of numbers, generally of
            different size, but of the same dimensionality, to produce a third array of 
            numbers of the same dimensionality.

13>Answer:- In Max Pooling we select the largest value in the selected matrix.
            In Average Pooling we select the smallest value in the selected matrix.

            Benefit of the pooling is that when we use the Max pooling then we got the 
            best accuracy it means we get good image quality. When we use Average Pooling
            then we get the average quality of the images.

14>Answer:- Padding is the space that's inside the element between the element and the 
            border. Padding goes around all four sides of the content and we can target
            and change the padding for each side.
            Is used if we want to not loss our data. For example i have 6*6 input 3 
            fillter,1 strides the output of the shape is 4*4 but we want same shape of 
            the output jutst like input shape then we 
            padding.

15>Answer:- Two basic type of layers in CNNs: 
            i> Convolutional layers   ii> Downsampling layers
   
            i> Convolutional layers:- A convolutional layers contains units whose 
                                      receptive fields cover a patch of the previous 
                                      layer. The weight vector of such a unit is offen
                                      called a filter.

           ii> Downsampling layers: It contain units whose receptive fields cover patches
                                    of previous convolutional layers. Such a unit typically
                                    computes the average the activations of the units in 
                                    its patch. This downsampling helps to correctly 
                                    classify objects in visual scenes even when the objects
                                    are shifted.